Update annotations description (#6053)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/data/annotations.mdx

    enterprise: full
---

> Annotations allow you to mark when certain changes happened so you can easily see how they impacted your metrics.

Author: > add context to a point in time on your insights and dashboards

I feel like this is what is confusing. What does it mean to "add context to a point in time"? IMO we need to use more basic language to explain this.

> Annotations allow you to mark when certain changes happened so you can easily see how they impacted your metrics.

Reviewer: Hmm, fair point. I just want to avoid repeating ourselves with "context for changes" across both sentences. Annotations aren't just changes either, they could be used for any type of context (like commentary, bugs). 

Maybe:
- Annotations enable you to add a note to a time on your insights and dashboards...
- Annotations enable you to add a written note with context to a time on your insights and dashboards...

> Annotations allow you to mark when certain changes happened so you can easily see how they impacted your metrics.

Author: Maybe...

Annotations enable you to add written notes to a particular day and time on all your insights and dashboards so you can see how certain changes or happenings impact your metrics.

?

> Annotations enable you to add context to a point in time on your insights and dashboards so you can see how a change impacts your metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Annotations enable you to add written notes to a particular day or time on all your insights and dashboards so you can see how changes or incidents impact your metrics.
```
